Now here's a frequently asked question
that I get.
The question is, can I view the data
in the browser's storage?
And the answer's yes.
The steps are different depending on the browser,
but I'll go through and show you an example here
using Chrome.
So just looking at our code,
we can see that currently we're using local storage
in our application.
Now we can go into our browser and view the local storage.
So in Chrome, you can go under more tools
and then choose developer tools,
and then select the application tab,
and then I notice on the left-hand side,
you have a section for storage,
okay, looks pretty good.
So we have local storage and session storage.
So at the moment, our code is using local storage.
So we'll go ahead and look under local host 4,200
that's our origin protocol host name port.
And that's the data here available for this given origin.
So we can see our card items,
and you can go through and look at all the data.
Now if we swing back into our application,
if we change our app to make use of session storage,
so we're using session storage here,
let's go ahead and save that.
Then move back into our application.
So I'll add some luggage tags.
You can see that we have three items in our cart
for these luggage tags.
And I can look at the cart details here,
so luggage tag cherish and luggage tag adventure.
So now I can go and expand session storage
and so I have an entry here for this origin local host 4200
and then we'll see those two products that we have here
along with their associated quantity.
So quantity of one, quantity of two,
a total of three,
alrighty so,
that's how we can view the session storage here
in our web browser.
Now what about some of the other browsers like Firefox?
Well, in Firefox, you simply go to your developer tools,
so you got a web developer and storage inspector,
and you'll see screens similar to what they have in Chrome.
And then for Microsoft Edge,
you'd go through and select EdgeDevTools
and then choose storage,
and you'll see similar screens there.
Alrighty.
So that covers it.
That shows you how you can view the data
in the browser storage.
Good job.